Add ability to increase `maxNodesTotal` limit in `NamespacedCloudProfile` (#11796)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot/shoot_limits.md

The limits are enforced on all shoot clusters using the respective `CloudProfile`.
If a certain limit is not configured, no limit is enforced.

The configured limits of a `CloudProfile` can be overridden by configuring limits in a `NamespacedCloudProfile`.

> To increase a `CloudProfile` limit, a user must have permission by the appropriate custom verbs.
> For more information, see the [NamespacedCloudProfile documentation](../project/namespaced-cloud-profiles.md#field-modification-restrictions).
> Setting a more restrictive limit does not require any special permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase a `CloudProfile` limit, a user must have permission by the appropriate custom verbs. Setting a stricter limit is always allowed without requiring special permissions.
For more information, see the [NamespacedCloudProfile documentation](../project/namespaced-cloud-profiles.md#field-modification-restrictions).
```
